{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red135\green135\blue135;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c60000\c60000\c60000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa600\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Website Terms and Conditions of Use\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 1. About the Website\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1.1. Welcome to www.Via-You.com\cb1 \
\cb3 1.2. Website is operated by Blaque Fracture Technologies Pty Ltd (BFT int.), (ACN 636402401). Access to and use of the Website, or any of its associated Products or Services, is provided by BFT int. Please read these terms and conditions (the 'Terms') carefully. By using, browsing and/or reading the Website, this signifies that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the Terms. If you do not agree with the Terms, you must cease usage of the Website, or any of Services, immediately.\cb1 \
\cb3 1.3. BFT int. reserves the right to review and change any of the Terms by updating this page at its sole discretion. When BFT int. updates the Terms, it will use reasonable endeavours to provide you with notice of updates to the Terms. Any changes to the Terms take immediate effect from the date of their publication. Before you continue, we recommend you keep a copy of the Terms for your records.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2. Acceptance of the Terms\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You accept the Terms by remaining on the Website and utalising our services. You may also accept the Terms by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms where this option is made available to you by BFT int. in the user interface.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3. Subscription to use the Services\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 3.1. In order to access the Services above and beyond your free access and storage, you must purchase a subscription through the Website and/or mobile application (the 'Subscription') and pay the applicable fee for the selected Subscription (the 'Subscription Fee').\cb1 \
\cb3 3.2. In purchasing the Subscription, you acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to ensure that the Subscription you elect to purchase is suitable for your use.\cb1 \
\cb3 3.3. Once you have purchased the Subscription, you will then be granted full access to your upgraded account, additional features and storage through the service BFT int. provide (the ' Account').\cb1 \
\cb3 3.4. As part of the registration process, or as part of your continued use of the Services, you may be required to provide personal information about yourself (such as identification or contact details), including:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) Email address\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) Preferred username\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) Mailing address\cb1 \
\cb3 (d) Telephone number\cb1 \
\cb3 (e) Password\cb1 \
\cb3 (f) Real-Time location, access to your device\'92s camera, access to stored video and access to contacts\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 3.5. You warrant that any information you give to BFT int. in the course of completing the registration process will always be accurate, correct and up to date.\cb1 \
\cb3 3.6. Once you have completed the registration process, you will be a registered member of the Website ('Member') and agree to be bound by the Terms. As a Member you will be granted immediate access to the Services from the time you have completed the registration process until the subscription period expires (the 'Subscription Period').\cb1 \
\cb3 3.7. You may not use the Services and may not accept the Terms if:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) you are not of legal age to form a binding contract with BFT int.; or\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) you are a person barred from receiving the Services under the laws of Australia or other countries including the country in which you are resident or from which you use the Services.\cb1 \
\cb3 4. Your obligations as a Member\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 4.1. As a Member, you agree to comply with the following:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) you will use the Services only for purposes that are permitted by:\cb1 \
\cb3 (a) you will use the Services only for purposes that are permitted by:\cb1 \
\cb3 ii. any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines in the relevant jurisdictions;\cb1 \
\cb3 (a) you will use the Services only for purposes that are permitted by:\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) you have the sole responsibility for protecting the confidentiality of your password and/or email address. Use of your password by any other person may result in the immediate cancellation of the Services;\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) any use of your registration information by any other person, or third parties, is strictly prohibited. You agree to immediately notify BFT int. of any unauthorised use of your password or email address or any breach of security of which you have become aware;\cb1 \
\cb3 (d) access and use of the website are limited, non-transferable and allows for the sole use of the website by you for the purposes of BFT int. providing the Services;\cb1 \
\cb3 (e) you will not use the Services or the Website in connection with any commercial endeavours except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by the management of BFT int.;\cb1 \
\cb3 (f) you will not use the Services or Website for any illegal and/or unauthorised use which includes collecting email addresses of Members by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorised framing of or linking to the Website;\cb1 \
\cb3 (g) you agree that commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from the Website without notice and may result in termination of the Services. Appropriate legal action will be taken by BFT int. for any illegal or unauthorised use of the Website; and\cb1 \
\cb3 5. Payment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 5.1. Where the option is given to you, you may make payment of the Subscription Fee by way of:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) PayPal ('PayPal')\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) Credit Card ('Credit Card')\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) Automated bank transfer ('Bank Transaction\'92)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 5.2. All payments made in the course of your use of the Services are made using Stripe, PayPal and/or BFT int. online chosen merchant facility. In using the Website, the Services or when making any payment in relation to your use of the Services, you warrant that you have read, understood and agree to be bound by the merchant\'92s terms and conditions which are available on their website.\cb1 \
\cb3 5.3. You acknowledge and agree that where <span className=\{styles.tc_bold\}>a req</span>uest for the payment of the Subscription Fee is returned or denied, for whatever reason, by your financial institution or is unpaid by you for any other reason, then you are liable for any costs, including banking fees and charges, associated with the Subscription Fee .\cb1 \
\cb3 5.4. You agree and acknowledge that BFT int<span className=\{styles.tc_bold\}>. ca</span>n vary the Subscription Fee at any time and that the varied Subscription Fee will come into effect following the conclusion of the existing Subscription Period.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 6. Refund Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 BFT int. will only provide you with a refund of the Subscription Fee in the event they are unable to continue to provide the Services or if the manager of BFT int. makes a decision, at its absolute discretion, that it is reasonable to do so under the circumstances. Where this occurs, the refund will be in the proportional amount of the Subscription Fee that remains unused by the Member (the 'Refund').\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 7. Copyright and Intellectual Property\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 7.1. The Website, the Services and all of the related products of BFT int. are subject to copyright. The material on the Website is protected by copyright under the laws of Australia and through international treaties. Unless otherwise indicated, all rights (including copyright) in the Services and compilation of the Website (including but not limited to text, graphics, logos, button icons, video images, audio clips, Website, code, scripts, design elements and interactive features) or the Services are owned or controlled for these purposes, and are reserved by BFT int. or its contributors.\cb1 \
\cb3 7.2. All trademarks, service marks and trade names are owned, registered and/or licensed by BFT int., who grants to you a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, revocable license whilst you are a Member to:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) use the Website pursuant to the Terms;\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) copy and store the Website and the material contained in the Website in your device's cache memory; and\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) print pages from the Website for your own personal and non-commercial use.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 7.3. BFT int. does not grant you any other rights whatsoever in relation to the Website or the Services. All other rights are expressly reserved by BFT int.\cb1 \
\cb3 7.4. BFT int. retains all rights, title and interest in and to the Website and all related Services. Nothing you do on or in relation to the Website will transfer any:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) business name, trading name, domain name, trade mark, industrial design, patent, registered design or copyright, or\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) a right to use or exploit a business name, trading name, domain name, trade mark or industrial design, or\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) a thing, system or process that is the subject of a patent, registered design or copyright (or an adaptation or modification of such a thing, system or process), to you.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 7.5. You may not, without the prior written permission of
\f0\b \'a0BFT
\f1\b0 \'a0int. and the permission of any other relevant rights owners: broadcast, republish, up-load to a third party, transmit, post, distribute, show or play in public, adapt or change in any way the Services or third party Services for any purpose, unless otherwise provided by these Terms. This prohibition does not extend to materials on the Website, which are freely available for re-use or are in the public domain.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 terms.tc8\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 8.1. BFT int. takes your privacy seriously and any information provided through your use of the Website and/or Services are subject to BFT int.'s Privacy Policy, which are available on the Application and at www.Via-You.com/privacy-policy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 9. General Disclaimer\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 9.1. Nothing in the Terms limits or ex<span className=\{styles.tc_bold\}>cludes any guarantees, warr</span>anties, representations or conditions implied or imposed by law, including the Australian Consumer Law (or any liability under them) which by law may not be limited or excluded.\cb1 \
\cb3 9.2. Subject to this clause, and to the extent permitted by law:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) all terms, guarantees, warranties, representations or conditions which are not expressly stated in the Terms are excluded; and\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) BFT int. will not be liable for any special, indirect or consequential loss or damage (unless such loss or damage is reasonably foreseeable resulting from our failure to meet an applicable Consumer Guarantee), loss of profit or opportunity, or damage to goodwill arising out of or in connection with the Services or these Terms (including as a result of not being able to use the Services or the late supply of the Services), whether at common law, under contract, tort (including negligence), in equity, pursuant to statute or otherwise.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 9.3. Use of the Website and the Services is at your own risk. Everything on the Website and the Services is provided to you 'as is' and 's available' without warranty or condition of any kind. None of the affiliates, directors, officers, employees, agents, contributors and licensors of BFT int. make any express or implied representation or warranty about the Services or any products or Services (including the products or Services of BFT int.) referred to on the Website. includes (but is not restricted to) loss or damage you might suffer as a result of any of the following:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, failure to correct defects, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or other harmful component, loss of data, communication line failure, unlawful third party conduct, or theft, destruction, alteration or unauthorised access to records;\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) the accuracy, suitability or currency of any information on the Website, the Services, or any of its Services related products (including third party material and advertisements on the Website);\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) costs incurred as a result of you using the Website, the Services or any of the products of BFT int.; and\cb1 \
\cb3 (d) the Services or operation in respect to links which are provided for your convenience.\cb1 \
\cb3 10. Limitation of liability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 10.1. BFT int.'s total liability arising out of or in connection with the Services or these Terms, however arising, including under contract, tort (including negligence), in equity, under statute or otherwise, will not exceed the resupply of the Services to you.\cb1 \
\cb3 10.2. You expressly understand and agree that BFT int., its affiliates, employees, agents, contributors and licensors shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special consequential or exemplary damages which may be incurred by you, however caused and under any theory of liability. This shall include, but is not limited to, any loss of profit (whether incurred directly or indirectly), any loss of goodwill or business reputation and any other intangible loss.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 terms.tc11\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 11.1. The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or by BFT int. as set out below.\cb1 \
\cb3 11.2. If you want to terminate the Terms, you may do so by:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) providing BFT int. with 14 days' notice of your intention to terminate; and\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) closing your accounts for all of the services which you use, where BFT int. has made this option available to you.\cb1 \
\cb3 Your notice should be sent, in writing, to BFT int. via the 'Contact Us' link on our homepage.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 11.3. BFT int. may at any time, terminate the Terms with you if:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) you have breached any provision of the Terms or intend to breach any provision;\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) BFT int. is required to do so by law;\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) the provision of the Services to you by BFT int. is, in the opinion of BFT int., no longer commercially viable.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 11.4. Subject to local applicable laws, BFT int. reserves the right to discontinue or cancel your membership at any time and may suspend or deny, in its sole discretion, your access to all or any portion of the Website or the Services without notice if you breach any provision of the Terms or any applicable law or if your conduct impacts BFT int.'s name or reputation or violates the rights of those of another party.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 12. Indemnity\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 12.1. You agree to indemnify BFT int., its affiliates, employees, agents, contributors, third party content providers and licensors from and against:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 (a) all actions, suits, claims, demands, liabilities, costs, expenses, loss and damage (including legal fees on a full indemnity basis) incurred, suffered or arising out of or in connection with Your Content;\cb1 \
\cb3 (b) any direct or indirect consequences of you accessing, using or transacting on the Website or attempts to do so; and/or\cb1 \
\cb3 (c) any breach of the Terms.\cb1 \
\cb3 13. Dispute Resolution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 13.1. Compulsory:If a dispute arises out of or relates to the Terms, either party may not commence any Tribunal or Court proceedings in relation to the dispute, unless the following clauses have been complied with (except where urgent interlocutory relief is sought).\cb1 \
\cb3 13.2. Notice:A party to the Terms claiming a dispute ('Dispute') has arisen under the Terms, must give written notice to the other party detailing the nature of the dispute, the desired outcome and the action required to settle the Dispute.\cb1 \
\cb3 13.3. Resolution:On receipt of that notice ('Notice') by that other party, the parties to the Terms ('Parties') must:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 1.1. Within 14 days of the Notice endeavour in good faith to resolve the Dispute expeditiously by negotiation or such other means upon which they may mutually agree;\cb1 \
\cb3 1.2. If for any reason whatsoever, 14 days after the date of the Notice, the Dispute has not been resolved, the Parties must either agree upon selection of a mediator or request that an appropriate mediator be appointed by the President of the Australian Mediation Association; Conflict Resolution Service or his or her nominee;\cb1 \
\cb3 1.3. The Parties are equally liable for the fees and reasonable expenses of a mediator and the cost of the venue of the mediation and without limiting the foregoing undertake to pay any amounts requested by the mediator as a pre-condition to the mediation commencing. The Parties must each pay their own costs associated with the mediation;\cb1 \
\cb3 1.4. The mediation will be held in BFT int.\'92s Head Office, located in Australia.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 13.4. Confidential:All communications concerning negotiations made by the Parties arising out of and in connection with this dispute resolution clause are confidential and to the extent possible, must be treated as 'without prejudice' negotiations for the purpose of applicable laws of evidence.\cb1 \
\cb3 13.5. Termination of Mediation:If 2 weeks have elapsed after the start of a mediation of the Dispute and the Dispute has not been resolved, either Party may ask the mediator to terminate the mediation and the mediator must do so.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 14. Venue and Jurisdiction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Services offered by BFT int. are intended to be viewed internationally.In the event of any dispute arising out of or in relation to the Website and/or application, you agree that the exclusive venue for resolving any dispute shall be in the courts of Victoria, Australia.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 15. Governing Law\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The Terms are governed by the laws of Victoria, Australia. Any dispute, controversy, proceeding or claim of whatever nature arising out of or in any way relating to the Terms and the rights created hereby shall be governed, interpreted and construed by, under and pursuant to the laws of Victoria, Australia, without reference to conflict of law principles, notwithstanding mandatory rules. The validity of this governing law clause is not contested. The Terms shall be binding to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and assigns.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 16. Independent Legal Advice\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Both parties confirm and declare that the provisions of the Terms are fair and reasonable and both parties having taken the opportunity to obtain independent legal advice and declare the Terms are not against public policy on the grounds of inequality or bargaining power or general grounds of restraint of trade.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 17. Severance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 If any part of these Terms is found to be void or unenforceable by a Court of competent jurisdiction, that part shall be severed and the rest of the Terms shall remain in force.\cb1 \
}